hello so the day is now for Wednesday
I do a vlog at all yesterday because to
be honest I was sleeping for a lot of
the day after Mabel didn't redo marty
watched a film last night and now we are
going hunting which we've been meaning
to do for quite a while now if the
weather's nice the song fades out really
Pleasant we did it in Lent but it was as
good it was it sunny in their waters Mac
we weren't all there but now we've got
the whole gang together it's gonna be
really good and I'm very excited okay so
we are still hunting lovely time oh my
god you Joe what are you doing hello hi
guys it's recording look we're being
hunted along you're not you know
vlogging this I hear huh no bill no has
a cider
thank you very much Paige look at that
and if you go over there in the distance
ba-bah sold us these drinks
actually going for free who ended up
with the free drink
enjoy your cider will oh well thank you
thank you very much page pages so
delighted that is gonna be interesting
I'm not taking a dip I've got even no
punting I think it's being pressured
into going in the car place your bets
now do we think ed is actually going to
take a dip or not will will be able to
convince them I'm betting yes okay
Astrid is like up for it oh my god just
don't India how deep is air okay take
the pole out such seems crazy student
this is no one I read oh my god
what seems seas don't come near me well
your dumb question is will add going
after day I think yes
no one knows really okay so we are back
from hunting and now it is the part one
a physical Natural Sciences Jesus garden
party so we're gonna be going to that
very shortly yeah will needs to have a
shower since his dip in the car honey
his prioritizing food at the moment yeah
no it should be good we're going it's in
the fellows garden that'd be nice it's
three hours long though will we be there
for three hours
I hope there's some food because I
haven't eaten since my crate that was a
fair few hours ago now I've looked the
crepe they know about the cream 25 no
Joey
orange juice out of tile cordial and
we've just found the chalice ah there
are more chatter
we've come to Pizza Hut and everyone is
enjoying their Peter hey wills tryna
fare a cork in Ed's open window up there
a cork just to emphasize that not a rock
we're not vandals I've realized because
this footage coverage is going off after
we've left I can reveal where I live now
yeah I live in the staircase this is my
home is this they know what follows you
get very used to killing Chapel
[Music]
later that evening our group or first
year Nazis headed to the Jesus College
bar for some fun down his eye
I also do this today I bet right the top
of 600 I could go to the power1 come
back yet I'm gay hello everyone I have
just won a game or scribble dot IO yes I
repeat I have won me vinegar girl have
Peter and all these other losers in this
room losers around here you clearly do
not know how to draw or guess wrong this
is why people don't like you and my
books
people don't like IDI for a reason
because it puts people down and when
people have achievement Oh Jake Jake OOP
wait would you ladies like they can't
deal with it easy can't do with losing
yeah I'm just going to celebrate and
know that I'm better
so here Ella made us all french toast
for breakfast looking back I may have
gone a bit overboard with the sugar we
do just demonstrate your secret ability
there we go
the big secret that's been hiding oh
yeah
he has wig oh you'll need that so it is
very sadly the last day here in Chapel 5
it's a sad day for rule what is what is
gonna happen when we leave who knows so
many people have gone how many people
have we lost in this staircase now
[Music]
those five already we've got another one
we're gonna lose this evening there's
not many of us remaining we're looking
forward to greater things in our new
building block so Rebecca's coming
around 40 next year was sad because
Rebecca's not gonna be with us next year
we're gonna be like all the way across
college I don't know how we're gonna
deal with it really yes I'm gonna miss
Chapel core I'm sad and chapel core will
always have a special place in my heart
okay so the time has come to pack up my
room for the last time as in I'm gonna
pack up and I won't be coming back my
new room next year I know it will be
really nice though but I've just become
so attached like I'm the sort of person
who will like really miss well they've
been this room has been good to me I
love this room I don't want to go back
home I've gone ensuite here I'm gonna
share a bathroom with my sister when I
get home
joy like no offense this but I'm gonna
start packing up I'm not sure where I'm
gonna start it's all a big job
my parents have instructed me to pack
compactly because my mom and my dad are
coming up to Cambridge tomorrow to pick
me up and with all three of us in the
car there's like less space to fit in
stuff I've got this bean bag down here
to fit in which is gonna be interesting
along with duvets and obviously all my
kitchen stuff which I can usually leave
here my cupboard I've got to take that
back as well so we'll see how we go and
all these files up there my work got to
get back I'm gonna get going
[Music]
hello I'm feeling really sad because I'm
having my last calf
oh no it's maybe possibly my last calf
it depends what I do this evening I
think you probably will be my last calf
because I'm actually realizing he's good
to say it's me to get bin bags so I
might as well pick up maybe but I'm just
still feeling sad anyway because you
just lost cuff devastating devastating
like this could be my last time sitting
on the side chapel cord
I'm gonna miss Chapel five they're
taking my home away from me so I have
been making progress on my room packed
up down here um it's a bit bored a bit
like packing up room takes so much time
but you know what's worse having to
unpack it when I get back and I'm having
struggles with the Wi-Fi I've been
trying to upload my video and you just
ain't havin it the Wi-Fi just does not
like it I think maybe in a moment I'm
gonna go sit down in the Jeep and see if
I can make it work down there and if
that is any better but like I've really
heard my room next year has been a Wi-Fi
connection and what goes like this I
can't deal with it just Bitcoin isn't so
much to ask
I just want to upload a video okay so
you next thing on the agenda is I need
to move my bike from just down there so
chapel core outside there just down and
round near to where I'm the Bing next
year get that done out of the way today
because I'm leaving my bike here over
summer because well I mean I can't take
it back I don't have a bike rack or
anything so it's got to stay here and
I've also got a different bike at home I
bought this bike in Cambridge and I
always leave it here over the holiday so
also can we just like try and ignore the
fact that I'm really burn like look at
that
burn and shoulders look look how bad is
the heart you want to put those up after
Solomon this evening I'm glowing at the
moment glowing or just I don't know
don't know if you'd call it glowing and
put some cream on so I look a little bit
it's a good look isn't it it's a good
look I just I can't be bothered with
makeup today I really can't so it's just
the Jay CSU Jesus College Student Union
garden party thing on these BOTS
greeting or something I think so we
might when I say all those who remained
okay so I've just moved my bike around
college it's ready for me to come back
to it in three-and-a-half months time I
hope it has a nice day hope it doesn't
get rusty I can keep our fingers crossed
this is the best barbecue that I had
here I've got a burger with an actual
back and such a bad example no one no
one ever do that and this is why Brody
I've already straightened them my
shoulder belt is eight
I put my ticket I should be packing
right now his Kara with high screw very
nice I'm jealous got some and yes a nice
way to end my time is time okay so I
think I've done about as much packing as
I can't do this evening like the room
still looks like a bit of a mess no girl
I like things were impales
it's all organized and I need to keep
quite a lot of stuff out for the morning
tomorrow people are coming around and
they're gonna like inspect our rooms or
something and these worries over the
email I sure can't remember so it's good
unlike other terms where we're leaving
our rooms for good thing I'm gonna get
to bed because it is fairly late now
both of my parents will be turning up
fairly early tomorrow morning I forgot
to mention how amazing my cinema
experience was like literally the seats
in the cinema was like people have
spoken about them because I haven't been
to the cinema in Cambridge before today
and people speaking about seats and like
I've been like oh yeah sure can't be
seized yeah yeah yeah sure but then I
went and like oh my god they're like
proper recliner ones you should let
they're so comfy you have no idea oh wow
just wow I nearly fell asleep during the
film a film on the boring we saw ocean's
8 you may didn't mention already but
yeah no it was really funny is that I'll
be going to the cinema in Cambridge
again I think that's great I'll go to
bed now though for real for real this
time okay so my room is packed up for
the very last time I'm about to leave
it's a sad moment but I had a great year
in this room
I've made some fat friends thank you so
much for coming on this journey with me
and watching my blogs and just
supporting me through my first year at
uni like this you doing YouTube has just
made my first year at uni what it was at
it's just good so great so yeah and here
we are leaving is that everything you
have to say goodbye okay so on my way
home now I've said my goodbyes to
everyone it will be good to be home
bring on summer it's gonna be so good I
mean oh my god I go to Croatia in like
just over a week's time so excited yeah
I can't wait to catch up my friends at
home yeah that's it really
so if you've enjoyed watching my videos
this year please give the video and I
guess
good and yeah see you soon bye
[Music]